"query:Linux Reddit:tags # \"content\" or title =~ \"\\[OC\\]\"" meta
"query:Unread:unread = \"yes\"" meta

https://www.joelonsoftware.com/feed/ blogs
https://news.ycombinator.com/rss
https://stopa.io/feed.rss blogs
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news linux
https://projecteuler.net/rss2_euler.xml maths
https://feeds.fireside.fm/linuxunplugged/rss linux
https://kliu.io/index.xml blogs
https://waitbutwhy.com/feed blogs
https://hackaday.com/blog/feed/ blogs
https://rsshub.app/blogs/paulgraham blogs
https://danluu.com/atom.xml blogs
https://lethain.com/feeds/ blogs
https://programmingisterrible.com/rss blogs
http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/index.xml blogs
http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/atom.xml blogs
https://www.benkuhn.net/index.xml blogs
https://www.netmeister.org/blog/rss.xml blogs
http://www.sheshbabu.com/atom.xml blogs
https://nedbatchelder.com/blog/rss.xml blogs
https://fasterthanli.me/index.xml blogs
https://this-week-in-rust.org/atom.xml blogs
https://www.phoronix.com/rss.php blogs
https://feeds.feedburner.com/sirupsen blogs
https://blog.acolyer.org/feed blogs
https://www.stephendiehl.com/feed.rss blogs
https://drewdevault.com/blog/index.xml blogs
https://blog.aaronbieber.com/posts/index.xml blogs
https://twobithistory.org/feed.xml blogs
https://jvns.ca/atom.xml blogs
https://catonmat.net/feed blogs
https://bernsteinbear.com/feed.xml blogs
http://esr.ibiblio.org/?feed=rss blogs
https://zserge.com/rss.xml blogs
https://tenthousandmeters.com/feeds/all.atom.xml blogs
https://xkcd.com/atom.xml
https://freemasen.com/atom.xml blogs
https://lukeplant.me.uk/blog/atom/index.xml blogs
https://jae.moe/blog/index.xml blogs
https://nora.codes/index.xml blogs
https://blog.codinghorror.com/rss/ blogs
https://nullprogram.com/feed/ blogs
https://hugotunius.se/feed.xml blogs
https://nns.ee/blog/feed.xml blogs
https://www.snoyman.com/feed blogs
https://www.joshmcguigan.com/rss.xml blogs
https://os.phil-opp.com/rss.xml blogs
https://jneem.github.io/feed.xml blogs
https://www.snoyman.com/feed/rust-crash-course series rust
https://calv.info/atom.xml blogs
https://mtlynch.io/posts/index.xml blogs
https://gamozolabs.github.io/feed.xml blogs
https://sanctum.geek.nz/arabesque/feed/ linux commandline
https://raphlinus.github.io/feed.xml blog
https://lpalmieri.com/rss.xml blog
https://staysaasy.com/feed.xml
https://jdhao.github.io/index.xml blog
https://blog.yoshuawuyts.com/rss.xml blog
https://onethingwell.org/rss
https://writing.kemitchell.com/feed.xml blog
https://thevaluable.dev/index.xml blog
https://lexi-lambda.github.io/feeds/all.rss.xml blog
https://simonwillison.net/ blog
